This is the first (still private) release of Enkaidu, your second in command-line AI assistant for coding and more, supports local functions, MCP tool calling, session saving, and a web UI mode when you need to show off Enkaidu to someone who may not be as enlightened about console/terminal UIs.

The following enhancements, most recent first, are part of this release:

* Run `enkaidu --webui` to use if via browser UI, perfect when demoing your new AI-based agentic concepts / explortations to stakeholders.
* Execute `/session ...` sub-commands to save and load a session so you can continue working on something later.
* Execute `/toolset ...` sub-commands to load and unload local toolsets, with ability to select tools in a toolset if you just need that one tool. 
  - Use `/toolset ls` to get a list of available toolsets
* Execute `/include ...` sub-commands to include file content with a query.
  - This can be used to submit an image to a vision model, or a text file with the query instead of waiting for the LLM to use a tool call.
* Execute `/use_mcp ...` sub-commands to load a connection to an MCP server and take advantage of third-party remote tools.
* Configure Enkaidu by creating a file `enkaidu.yaml`; see the `README.md` for details on what's possible.
  - Since Enkaidu restricts tools to the current folder, you can define different config files in your different projects to setup the right configuration for using Enkaidu with that folder.
* The query editor supports multi-line input (use `Alt-Enter`) and session history (try `Up` and `Down` arrow keys; even `Ctrl-R` to search history works!).
  - Pasting multi-line text works great!

Enkaidu has more capabilities; check out the `README.md` for how to get started.
