This release adds several new features and fixes some bugs. It is a result almost entirely due to the thoughtful details in [issue #60](https://github.com/nogginly/enkaidu/issues/60) which led me towards a goal while preserving the spirit and purpose of Enkaidu.

#### FEATURES

* Added `/session pop_and_take...` subcommand that can extract the last response from the temporary session and
  - append it to the parent session; or
  - reset the parent session and replace the content.
* Added support for defining macros that can be used to automatically run a sequence of queries. Macros can be invoked using `!name` via the macro's name. (PR #73)
* Added support for specifying system prompt by name with `/session reset...` (PR #71) and `/session push` (PR #79) commands
* Added support for specifying system prompt by name in the config file
* Added support for a "profile" folder `.enkaidu/` within which you can define
  - custom prompts via `prompts/*.yaml` and `prompts.yaml` files; (PR #68, #81)
  - system prompts via `system_prompts/*.yaml` and `system_prompts.yaml` files; (PR #71, #81)
  - system properties via `variables.yaml` file that are available to prompt templates; (PR #68)
* Added `/include response_json_schema <PATH>` sub-command that allows attaching a JSON schema for the AI to use to format the response as a JSON value. (PR #66)
* Added `/session push ...` and `/session pop` commands that allow creating temporary sessions in which to do some work without impacting the current session. (PR #62)
* Added a "copy" button to the various content elements in the web UI.

Check out `README.md` for more details.

#### FIXES

* Implemented detection for some LLMs and engines that specify the "think" content in a separate `reasoning:` property. With reasoning models, sometimes the "think" content was being lost in subsequent requests in a conversation. (PR #80)
* Fixed to allow `/include ...` files to be attached in queries via `/prompt use ...` (PR #77)
