
> REMOVE when ready to release

> REMOVE when docs have been updated

#### FEATURES

- Adding optional parameters to `/session pop` to support retaining child session chat history, as follows:
  - `... retain=none|last_full|last_outline|session|session_outline` where `none` is default.
  - `... replace=yes|no` where `no` is default.
- When returning to parent session, you can now choose what to retain, and whether to replace parent's history or append the retainer:
  - `last_full` retains the entire last conversation including all the turns between `user` request and `assistant` response.
  - `last_outline` retains the `user` request and `assistant` response of the last conversation.
  - `session` retains the entire chat history since this session started or forked.
  - `session_outline` retains the first `user` request and the last `assistant` response of this session.

#### DEPRECATIONS

- Deprecating `/session pop_and_take...`; it will be removed in _release 0.9.0_.

#### IMPROVEMENTS

- Modified the `find_files` tool to better match how `find` command works, with an optional `starting_path` parameter that defaults to `"."` and the globbing pattern parameter renamed to `path_pattern` and whose requirement is enforced (with error if not specified.)

#### FIXES

- Fix `/session new TEST model=M` which doesn't report error when `M` doesn't exist
- Fix `/session push` so that it always uses parent's model, preserving model change in new root sessions.

#### MISC

- Updated some dependencies, and pinned them down to versions that don't break the build.
