> **WARNING** - this release breaks compatibility for the `enkaidu.yml|yaml` file. See features section below for details.

#### FEATURES

* Pre-approved commands can be specified for the `shell_command` (in the `ShellAccess` toolset) using env var `ENKAIDU_APPROVED_EXECUTABLES`. (PR #85)
  - The tool still supports `ENKAIDU_ALLOWED_EXECUTABLES` for those commands for which the user is prompted to approve.
  - The pre-approved ones are executed without a user prompt. SO BE CAREFUL.
* Supports loading a `config.yml|yaml` file from the `.enkaidu/` folder (PR #87)
  - This supports a top-level `auto_load:` section which can be used to specify tools, toolsets and system prompt. See README.
* The `enkaidu.yml|yaml` file format has breaking changes. (PR #87)
  - Sorry.
  - *Removed* `global` section
  - *Added* a `debug` section with `trace_mcp` property
  - *Modified* `session` section to *remove* `auto_load`, `system_prompt_name`, `system_prompt`, `recording_file` properties, and *add* `streaming` property.
  - *Added* `auto_load` section which has `system_prompt_name`, `system_prompt`, `toolsets` and `mcp_servers` properties
  - *Deprecated* the `system_prompt` property; use defined system prompts and the `system_prompt_name` property instead.
* Show elapsed time at the end of a user query. (PR #88)
* Add a `delete_file` tool to the `FileManagement` toolset. (PR #89)
  - Deletion works by moving the file into the `.deleted_files/` folder, preserving the file location/path and pre-pending a timestamp.
* Modified `rename_file` tool describe that it also supports moving file between directories.
  - If this is available, after deletion you should be able to ask a good model to undo deletion.

#### FIXES

* Fix macro invocation bug when a macro is called from within a macro resulting in strangle ordering of calls (PR #83)
* Fix for web UI to not show input dialog when a prompt doesn't need arguments (PR #84)
* Fix the `replace_text_in_text_file` tool to check if requested changes were actually made, and report an error if no changes are made, so the model can detect when a replacement tool call failed due to bad matching arguments.