#### NEW

- The configuration has a new property `exclude_past_reasoning` that can be set in two ways.
  - The config `session` supports `exclude_past_reasoning`, which by default is `false`, and when set affects all models across all forked / new sessions.
  - The config `llm: ... model:` supports an optionsl `settings:` map which supports `exclude_past_reasoning`:
    - It's `false` by default for all models
    - When set to `true` affects chat turns in any session where that model is in use.
- Excluding past reasoning affects all past response _when_ starting a new turn.
  - Reasoning is preserved for LLM-initiated turns since the last user-initiated prompt until the next one by the user.
  - When enabled, excluding past reasoning can reduce noise between turns.
  - Some models like `gemma4*` recommend excluding past reasoning

#### IMPROVEMENTS

- In quiet mode, thinking / reasoning is shown in a mini 5-line scrolling region, and then erased to remove clutter.
- Tool calling is now separated from the subsequent inference, which lets us run inference after tool calls concurrently
- Use platform-specific terminal / console setup using latest `termify`.
- Web UI sets a maximum height and enables scrolling for think/reasoning content.

#### FIXES

- Fixed the `str_replace_in_text_file`, `str_replace_lines_in_text_file`, `str_insert_in_text_file`, and `str_regex_replace_in_text_file` (also renamed) tools to not allow edits to file in the `.deleted_files/` folder.

#### MISCELLANEOUS

- Added unit tests for a number of tools
