
#### EARLY ACCESS

- Add `gemini_openai` LLM provider type that uses the endpoint definition from [Open AI compatibility doc](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/openai).
  - Expects API key via `GEMINI_API_KEY` environment variable.
  - Since current endpoint is in beta and may change over time, the following environment variables can be used to override built-in defaults in the future.
    - `GEMINI_OPENAI_ENDPOINT` to replace default: `https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com`
    - `GEMINI_OPENAI_CHAT_PATH` to replace default: `/v1beta/openai/chat/completions`

#### NEW

- Add read-only mode, configurable as follows, that restricts all built-tools to only those with read-only side-effects
  - Add `readonly: true | false` to `session:` settings on Config.
  - Support `--readonly` flag that puts Enkaidu into readonly mode
- Add enforced system configuration mode where Enkaidu looks at a platform specific system location for `enkaidu.yml`
  - For Windows, it looks for `C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts\enkaidu.yml`
  - Otherwise, it looks for `/etc/enkaidu.yml`
  - If found, it refuses to load any local / profile config files, enforcing system config ONLY
- Add session configuration properties to allow / disallow system tools:
  - `allow_tool_discovery:` default to `true` but can be set to `false` to disallow tool discovery / install by AI models
  - `allow_sub_agents:` defaults to `true`  but can be set to `false` to disallow spawning sub-agents by AI models

#### IMPROVEMENTS

- Streaming mode is enabled by default!
- All built-in tools declare their side-effects
- Active tools and available toolsets are listed in tables, and includes each tool's side-effects and summary.
- Changed `find_files` tool to require `expression` _and_ `path` parameters. This better matches how `find` works, which models understand well.
- Tweaked `read_text_file` to return an error indicating path was not a file. Some small models keep trying to "read" a directory over and over again.
- Report specific error when a model makes a tool call with blank tool / function name. (Yes, some models do this.)

#### FIXES

- Fix a streaming text rendering edge case where end of text detection was missed for last line without newline

#### COMPATIBILITY

- Deprecating `-S`/`--streaming` flags, they do nothing; will be removed.

#### UNDER THE HOOD

- Define `LLM::Function::SideEffects` flags that every function / tool must declare. This allows Enkaidu to identify and filter by side-effects for read-only mode.
