
#### IMPROVEMENTS

- Built-in tools all require a `reason` parameter asking the LLM to provide a single sentence about the reason for the tool call.
- Enkaidu in the console shows the reason for tool calls before the `CALL <tool-name> ...`.
- Improved rendering _reasoning_ boundaries when streaming to the console
- Improved how tool calling is reported (as they occur), and how failing tool calls are handled (by replying to model with an error response)

#### FIXES

- Fixed a bug in the chat/completion protocol handling where received tool calls (while processed) were not included in the session history. Since tool call results were being sent but the session did not include the call request, sometimes and unpredictably this caused weird behaviour by the server / model. It was infrequent enough that it felt like hallucinatory bugs.

#### FEATURES

- Support quiet mode, available  via `--quiet` or `-Q` commandline flag, as well as via session config `quiet:`.
  - Distinguish between INFO notifications and responding to user commands.
  - Suppress INFO messages in quiet mode
  - With streaming enabled, suppress CALL details in tool call messages, and show a thinking spinner while suppressing reasoning content
- Support tab-completion for
  - slash commands and macros at start of a prompt, and
  - folder/file navigation for paths starting with `./` (caveat, digging into sub-folders needs `Esc` then `Tab`)
- When using tab-completion to select commands and macros, `Alt-D` (or `Option-D`) will show detailed documentation in a separate screen.
  - Press `Esc` to return to prompt.
- Support syntax highlighting for slash commands, macros, and local `./`-based paths in prompts
- Support experimental streaming markdown rendering. While not as good as the one in non-streaming mode, it makes streaming much more enjoyable even with its limitations.
- Add support for console style sheet that can be used to customize the console output based on style categories
  - Added a `console` configuration property, which supports `style_sheet` property. Here's an example. See documentation for all the supported style categories.
    ```yml
    console:
      style_sheet:
        after_reply: # style the time taken status after reply
          fg: magenta
          format: [underline, italic]
    ```
- Add always-available built-in tools that a model can use to list and install tools.
  - `list_installable_tools` lists all tools available to install.
  - `install_tools` confirms with user before installing tools
- Make the LLM request processing asynchronous, allowing Enkaidu to show a spinner whenever it was waiting on the LLM / model server.

#### REMOVED

- Previously deprecated `/session pop_and_take` command is now removed. Use `/session pop retain=...`, it's better.
- Previously deprecated `system_prompt` config property is not removed. Define system prompts and refer to them by the `system_prompt_name` property instead.
